they are all supposed to be the same
product from dealextreme but as you can
see they aren't exactly always the same
this one is rather hard to open up of
course I can loosen it and use a little
bit of oil to fix that that's not a big
deal that's next to impossible flick it
open but otherwise everything is pretty
good to finish everything looks great
this one arrived today this one also
arrived today and for some reason it
came in a holster which i found was
rather odd and it was all inside the box
that it came with who knows but the
quality of this knife is actually quite
subpar for this particular one for some
odd reason you can see the scratches on
it the blade itself is a bit dirtied up
it's almost as if it's been used a
little I still sharp I have no real
complaints on that but yeah I don't know
that's weird but when you open it up all
the way try to focus it here as you can
see that is actually recessed a little
bit the release for the blade so you
really have to push him hard with your
thumb in order to get it to fold back up
that's a little frustrating and annoying
this other one I received today wasn't
like that I can't explain why it is the
way it is but it you know and this one I
received about oh no I'd say about three
months ago it's been well used I've
sharp
at once it seems to hold its edge fairly
well overall and very satisfied with
this knife it opens up fairly easily and
it also closes easily and it's pretty
sharp I do like it and even with these
weird occurrences with this other one
right here might still got to recommend
this knife it's pretty good so there you
have it enjoy